gRun news

31 January 1999

Switched to gettext for i18n
	Using gettext for i18n in gRun because of better configurabilty and
	ease of use.

15 January 1999

Added command preload
	This option, a command line parameter --preload, loads whatever follows
	on the command line into the entry box as the default command.

12 January 1999

Added absolute path completion
	If the first character of the command in the entry box is a / when
	Tab/Esc/F2 is pressed, gRun will complete the command as an absolute
	path. The command fragment will be split at the last / in the string,
	a / appended to the path split and the end fragment searched for in
	that directory. 

11 January 1999

Released version 0.8.1
   This is a bug fix release which fixes a bug whereby gRun exits if a
   parameter not removed by GTK or recognized by gRun is given. Also the
   console mode test code now works on FQPN's. Also the Cancel button
   is now a Close button if using --persist

Development version released - 0.9.0
	The first release of the new development tree is now released. This
	tree is assumed to be unstable at all times and care should be taken
	when using it. Changes include an attempt to create a multi-national
	release. On the TODO list for 0.9 is regular expression support.

4 January 1998

Released version 0.8.0
	0.8 is a stable release branch and only bugfixes will be incorporated
	into the branch. The next development release will be 0.9.1, if we
	can find other features to implement.

27 December 1998

Released version 0.8pre1
	0.8pre1 is the first prerelease of gRun. This release will become
	version 0.8 if no bugs are found. Please submit bug reports as
	soon as possible. 

Tooltips added
	Tooltips for the OK, Cancel and Browse buttons have been implemented.
	Private tips are already defined, but aren't available yet.

gassoc extended
	More entries have been added to gassoc. Type covered now include
	PostScript, 

17 December 1998

Global locations for gassoc and consfile
	gRun checks if the .gassoc and .consfile, for associations and
	console mode apps respectively, exist in the user's home dir and
	then loads a global copy stored in /usr/local/share/grun if either
	file isn't found. This allow sys-admins to maintain a system wide
	database of associations and console modes apps.

16 December 1998

Added file associations
	gRun now checks if a file is executable and if it isn't,
	tries to find a matching extension assocation and launches
	that app. This is not compiled by default as the associations
	file needs to be manually installed. This does not work for
	the command line yet. 

December 9 1998
	
Switched to config.h for #defines
	Switched over to config.h for #defines since the compiler
	command line was getting too long.

December 8 1998

Added console mode app support.
	If gRun finds the command in a file listing console mode apps,
	eg telnet or ftp, it fires the app off inside an Xterm of your
	choice. A small file list is distributed with the release and
	should be copied to HOME/.consfile on Unix.

Added persitance of the dialog
	If gRun is started with --persist or -p, the dialog won't close
	after the command is run. It will remain open allowing you to
	run more applications. The only way to close gRun is but using
	the WM kill button or the Cancel button. This has added a status
	byte to the sgrun struct. Bit 7 used for persitance flag.

Dropped short command line switches
	Only the long switches are recognized now. Anyone got complaints?

December 7 1998

Added last command recall
	gRun now recalls the last new command from the top of the
	history list into the combobox, selected and all that jazz.

Fixed several Win32 bugs
	Autocomplete now works under Win32. Other bugs associated with
	the keypresses also fixed. A Makefile for VC6 is now distributed
	with the release.

December 1  1998

Added command autocompletion from history
	gRun now tries to complete the command as it is being typed
	in, ala Communicator 4 on Windows. It finds the first match
	in the history for the characters already typed in and inserts
	the text into the EntryBox. The added section is selected so
	that the next keystroke can delete it if it is wrong

Added command completion from directory PATH
	When you hit the Tab key, gRun now tries to complete the command
	from the executable PATH directories. It finds the first filename
	in the PATH that starts with the characters already typed in and
	inserts it into the EntryBox, doing the same selection story
	as for history complete.

November 29 1998

Added Win32 support (Troy Engel <tengel@sonic.net>
	Troy ported gRun to Win32 as an alternative to Start/Run.
	Now we're getting somewhere. The code needs a bit of work
	according to Troy, but it launches the apps correctly
	using CreateProcess() and uses Tor Lillqvists' GTK port.

November 26 1998

Changed from Motif to GTK
	Changed over to GTK from Motif because it has a nicer
	look, is more powerful and has features I needed. 	

Changed name to gRun
	Changed the name from xmrun to gRun for obvious reasons

Implemented history
	gRun now stores all previous commands that were successful

Using fork() and execvp() for launching
	Now using dual fork() and execvp() to launch the application
	instead of system() for better control of launch and because
	using system() under xmrun was a major ugly hack. The new
	system now ensures that the app is launched independantly of
	the gRun process. None of that fire off a shell that GNOME
	uses either.

Added long switches
	Added --help and --version to -h and -v for reasons of Unix
	standards adherence.
